Two security guards have been threatened during a robbery at a bank in edinburgh.
Big ben's 150th anniversary has been chosen as the date to celebrate london's history.
India's batsmen dominated the first day of the third and final test against south africa with an innings-and-96-run win.
Former leyton orient striker dean cox says he will have to wait four months to play in the english football league.
A man who admitted downloading and viewing child pornography has been spared jail.
The united states soccer federation has announced reforms aimed at protecting young players from concussion.
Astronomers have used a huge radio telescope in the us to get a detailed view of jupiter's atmosphere.
The number of patients who failed to turn up for hospital appointments in scotland last year was at its highest since records began, according to new figures.
Diageo, the world's biggest distiller of spirits, has reported a drop in sales in the last financial year.
Cyclist martyn irvine has been voted bbc northern ireland's sports personality of the year.
Two rival street gangs in honduras have agreed to end their long-running war.
Oil prices have fallen sharply after the international energy agency ( iea ) said demand for the fuel is likely to have peaked.
Prosecutors in the mexican state of morelos have begun exhuming more than 100 bodies from a mass grave.
The peace process in syria could collapse `` any time'', the un special envoy has warned.
Downgrading licence fee evasion to a civil offence would be a `` huge risk'' to the bbc, its director general has said.
A beatles album sleeve designed by sir peter blake has topped a list of the most valuable rare records.
A drone that can be controlled using the brain has been developed.
Northern ireland sprinter ciara foster has qualified for the women's 100m semi-finals at the commonwealth games in glasgow, but paralympic star jason smyth and sprinter ryan reid were eliminated.
The progressive unionist party ( pup ) chairman, william `` plum'' smith, has died at the age of 83.
A police chief resigned from his post to appear on bbc question time.
Thai police have cancelled the launch of a human rights watch ( hrw ) report at a foreign journalists' club in bangkok.
The co-operative group has said it is unlikely to declare any dividends before 2018.
Former pupils who were injured during a loyalist protest in north belfast have been paid compensation.
Us secretary of state john kerry has expressed `` serious concern'' over the militarisation of the south china sea.
Oil prices have risen above $ 50 a barrel for the first time this year.
The guernsey states has spent more than £ 1.1 m on advertising and promotion in the past year.
A union has criticised the government for asking civil servants to stand in for striking border officials.
A collection of 37 paintings by sir winston churchill has been accepted for the nation by his daughter.
South africa's governing african national congress ( anc ) has condemned a cartoon depicting president jacob zuma as a `` womaniser''.
Former england captain rio ferdinand's wife has died after a short battle with cancer.
The uk's brexit secretary has said scotland will not be given new powers as part of any deal with the eu.
Trench coats maker aquascutum is set to be sold for about £ 100m.
Swansea city's players paid for supporters' tickets for saturday's premier league game against hull city.
The welsh government is `` paying the price'' for not doing enough to promote renewable energy, a business expert has said.
The founder of italian football club ac milan should be honoured in nottingham, a writer has said.
Plans to mark the 50th anniversary of the oldest carnival in europe have been announced.
Hsbc has appointed the chief executive of asian insurer aia, alex tucker, as its new chairman.
Tp mazembe of the democratic republic of congo beat bejaia of algeria 3-1 in lubumbashi on sunday to win the african confederation cup.
A hospital trust has been rated as `` inadequate'' by health inspectors.
Helen williams, who was asked to resign as miss america in 1984, has returned to the competition as a judge.
The number of babies being breastfed by their mothers in england has more than doubled in the past 25 years, figures show.
In the wake of the westminster terror attack, the public have been asking questions about how we can be more protected.
Roger federer produced a stunning display to beat richard gasquet and win the fed cup final for switzerland in front of a record crowd in lille.
Wales defender chris gunter says it would be a `` massive mistake'' to get complacent as they close in on euro 2016.
Plans to sell off allotments in leatherhead to build 500 houses have been approved by a council.
The number of syphilis cases in london has more than doubled in the past five years.
A judge has declared a mistrial in the murder trial of a utah man who was shot in the head as a witness gave evidence.
A suicide bomber has attacked a turkish military police station in the north-east of the country, killing at least five people, the army says.
Jake cassidy's header earned hartlepool a draw at macclesfield in the national league.
A five-year-old boy is in hospital with severe burns after stepping on a disposable barbecue which had exploded in the sand.
The proportion of school leavers going on to a `` positive destination'' in scotland has risen to its highest ever level.
A prominent russian journalist, alexander tsilikin, has been found stabbed to death in his home in st petersburg.
French presidential candidate francois fillon has said he and his wife penelope have been questioned by police over claims she worked illegally.
Greek prime minister alexis tsipras has been given the go-ahead for high-level talks with eu creditors over a new € 86bn ( £ 70bn ) bailout.
Scotland's children's commissioner has said there should be no stigma attached to the right to food.
Irn bru, one of scotland's best-known soft drinks brands, is to have its sugar content reduced in the wake of the uk's sugar tax.
Rugby's elite players deserve to be paid more, says the head of the players' union.
Olympic silver medallist jamie swift has retired from skeleton.
Ben murdoch-masila scored two tries as salford came from behind to beat super league leaders castleford.
The deputy director of nicolas sarkozy's 2012 presidential campaign has said his party's finances were in a `` terrible spiral''.
A number of puppies have been seized in a `` shocking'' attempt to smuggle them into wales.
Airbus has cut the number of a380 aircraft it plans to build this year because of delays in engine deliveries.
A garden dedicated to the late pink floyd star syd barrett is to be built in the grounds of a hospital.
Wreaths will be laid across the republic of ireland on monday to mark the centenary of the easter rising.
Bastian schweinsteiger has been included in manchester united's squad for the europa league.
Romania's prime minister sorin grindeanu has lost a vote of no confidence in the country's parliament.
Azerbaijan has jailed leyla yunus, a prominent human rights activist, for 10 years for fraud.
Alviro petersen became the first lancashire player to score a century on day one of a county championship match at lord's.
A warwickshire magistrate who posted an anti-irish tweet is being investigated by police.
Everton captain michael keane says the toffees need to `` toughen up'' following criticism from manager ronald koeman.
This year could be the wettest on record in the uk, experts have warned.
Ian fleming says anyone found guilty of match-fixing should be banned from tennis.
The northern ireland assembly has rejected a call to reduce parking fines from £ 90 to £ 45.
Ulster unionist leader mike nesbitt has said he `` wouldn't withdraw a word'' of what he said about the sdlp on monday.
Scientists in the us have developed a stem cell therapy for brain tumours.
A couple found dead in their garage were unlawfully killed, an inquest has heard.
A holyrood committee has backed plans to legalise gay marriage in scotland.
The us says it is suspending diplomatic talks with russia over the syrian conflict.
North wales police and dyfed-powys police `` requires improvement'', inspectors have said.
A warwickshire mp who was falsely accused of trading with the islamic state group has been awarded damages.
South korean team skt has won the 2016 league of legends ( lol ) world championship.
Olympic bronze medallist aneurin bevan says he still has a `` small chance'' of competing at rio 2016 despite breaking his leg.
A security firm has warned readers of the independent newspaper that they may have been infected with ransomware.
The met office has issued an amber warning for flooding across northern ireland.
The prime minister has said he will make extra money available to build a new stadium in cornwall.
Staff at eastbourne general hospital have said they are `` devastated'' by plans to downgrade services.
Kilcoo produced a superb second-half display to beat 10-man scotstown 1-13 to 0-11 in the ulster sfc semi-final.
Iran's supreme leader, ayatollah ali khamenei, has said the country's policy towards the us will not change despite the nuclear deal.
Scientists have developed a blood test which could help diagnose alzheimer's disease.
Gary dunlop will make his ulster grand prix debut after recovering from a serious crash last year.
Leeds city centre could be closed to through traffic in a bid to get more people walking and cycling around the city.
Burton albion manager nigel clough says it will be `` frightening'' and `` exciting'' to lead the club back to the championship.
Plaid cymru has called for an investigation into the welsh labour party after a councillor was accused of sharing propaganda.
Police have said the discovery of an arms dump in county antrim could have `` saved lives''.
Ciara mageean has been left out of the irish team for the european indoor athletics championships as she has already committed to a race.
Wigan warriors will not appeal against the eight-game ban given to ben flower for punching st helens prop lance hohaia.
Landowners have been given guidance on how to manage dog-walking on their land.
Residents have said they are `` very angry'' a large fire on land owned by the council is still burning.
Northern ireland striker david paterson said his side were to blame for their 2-0 defeat by azerbaijan in their final world cup qualifier.
Great britain's helen glover and heather stanning won gold in the women's double sculls in rio.
The price of petrol and diesel has risen by more than 5p per litre in the past month, according to the latest figures.
Indonesia's economy grew at an annual rate of 5.9 % in the last three months of 2016, its slowest pace since 2009.
Plans for cardiff bay's first gondola service have been unveiled by cardiff city council.
Former england seamer james tremlett has announced his retirement from cricket.
Gloucestershire bowled glamorgan out for 220 on day one of their county championship match at cardiff.
A welsh actor who plays darth vader in the latest star wars film has been honoured at the london film festival.
Police in the italian city of milan have arrested four teenagers suspected of carrying out a series of robberies in the style of a clockwork orange.
The pakistani government has condemned a us drone strike in north-west pakistan that killed at least 11 people, including a child.
Morrisons has raised the price of marmite for the first time this year.
Burkina faso coach paulo duarte says he is confident his players will be fit for next month's africa cup of nations.
Talktalk has confirmed that three of its employees in india have been arrested on suspicion of hacking.
A new system has been developed to allow trainee doctors to see their first live consultations.
A young ukrainian woman who was the subject of a nude photo leak has become a lightning rod for criticism.
Taiwan's foxconn has reported a 15 % rise in quarterly profits, helped by strong sales of iphones.
The us senate has rejected a republican plan to repeal president barack obama's healthcare law.
The chief executive of japanese advertising firm dentsu has said he will resign after a worker killed herself because of overwork.
Newcastle falcons have re-signed england centre toby flood from leicester tigers.
Google has begun rolling out the next version of its android operating system.
An outbreak of measles in swansea and neath port talbot is putting thousands of children at risk, public health wales has warned.
Prisons are becoming a `` punitive holding operation for people growing older and sicker behind bars'', says a report by the prison trust.
Ireland have named sean o'brien in the starting xv for saturday's six nations game against scotland.
England's laura massaro and nick matthew will meet in sunday's british open final after winning their semi-finals.
Us president-elect donald trump has dismissed as `` ridiculous'' reports that the cia believes russia tried to influence the election.
Hundreds of thousands of people have signed a petition calling on a us judge to reconsider his sentence for a sexual assault case.
A strike by merseyrail conductors on the same day as the grand national has been announced by the rmt union.
Airlines in nigeria are pulling out of the country due to a lack of foreign currency.
A hospital where a patient died after being left on a trolley for hours has been told it must improve its a&e department.
The fossilised remains of a coal miner's apple have been discovered in argentina.
David cameron is to meet german chancellor angela merkel to discuss britain's future relationship with the eu.
Chinese president xi jinping has arrived in hong kong for the 20th anniversary of its return to chinese control.
North korea says it has carried out a `` large-scale'' military drill near its border with south korea.
A police investigation into the sexual exploitation of teenagers who went missing from care was `` limited and inconsistent'', a report has found.
A man has been found not guilty by reason of insanity of attempting to murder a muslim man on a train.
Police scotland's new control room in dumfries has performed `` to the satisfaction of the public'', a report has found.
Schoolchildren from across wales are to take part in this year's bbc proms.
West bromwich albion manager tony pulis says striker saido berahino is working hard to get fit.
Train operator arriva trains wales has announced plans to increase capacity at cardiff central.
Inverness caledonian thistle eased to victory over partick thistle at firhill.
Wales fly-half sam davies will replace dan biggar in ospreys' european champions cup game against grenoble.
A paramedic who squeezed a colleague's breast and asked for a hug has been suspended from the profession.
Celtic football fans have called for an independent inspection of the sellafield nuclear site.
Fireworks displays in back gardens should be banned, a conservative mp has said.
The partner of a man who died in a car crash has told a court she felt like she was `` in a washing machine''.
A teenager who died of leukaemia at the age of 16 has been married in a hospital ward.
A prominent ukrainian activist, olexander kalashnikov, has been found dead in his flat in the capital kiev.
Qandeel baloch, the pakistani woman who became a social media sensation after posting a video of herself `` twerking'' in public, once said : `` i am not afraid of death.
The bbc should have a dedicated books programme, according to author neil harris.
Here is a selection of reaction to the high court ruling that abortion laws in northern ireland are incompatible.
Ross county manager jim mcintyre has been nominated for the scottish football league manager of the year award.
Leaders of the tour de france were stopped by police as they crossed a railway line to avoid a train.
Nigeria international defender kenneth omeruo has joined turkish top-flight side kasimpasa on a season-long loan from chelsea.
Cardiff city manager neil warnock says he will not be rushing into a new contract for midfielder peter whittingham.
The nepalese government has said it wants to tighten the rules on climbing mount everest.
A new garden city in oxfordshire has been criticised for failing to provide superfast broadband.
Dumfries and galloway council has `` generally met its objectives'' in supporting the development of the events sector, according to a new report.
A coroner's report into the death of iranian blogger sattar beheshti has concluded that he died of shock.
England won the women's six nations for the first time with a comfortable victory over ireland in dublin.
A judge in brazil has lifted a ban on the building of a controversial hydro-electric dam in the amazon region.
Cases of syphilis and gonorrhoea have risen sharply in england over the past five years, figures show.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for the murder of a drug dealer.
Us conservative activist phyllis schlafly has died at the age of 87.
A fossilised skeleton of a carnivorous dinosaur found in mongolia has been sold at auction.
A man arrested in connection with a bomb attack on the borussia dortmund team bus was motivated by financial greed, german prosecutors say.
Two dogs have died in a house fire in west belfast.
Rihanna has teamed up with sir paul mccartney for a new single, four five seconds.
Sam warburton says wales must take risks in saturday's test against new zealand in auckland.
A consultation on plans to build more than 100,000 homes on greenbelt land in greater manchester has been delayed.
Thousands of people have taken part in a protest in the jordanian capital, amman, against a new electoral law.
A couple have been left `` completely penniless'' after their funeral company went out of business.
A panel of experts has been appointed to investigate events at de la salle college.
David cameron has announced plans for a global anti-corruption summit in london.
The father of us intelligence leaker edward snowden has arrived in russia to discuss his son's legal options.
Rescue teams in colombia are searching for survivors after a landslide killed at least 50 people in the western province of antioquia.
Scottish secretary david russell has called for greater clarity about the uk government's brexit plans.
The sinn féin leader gerry adams has called for all parties supporting a united ireland to discuss how best to achieve it.
Police in india have arrested nine people in connection with the collapse of a building in the western city of mumbai that killed 59 people.
Francesco totti has signed a new two-year contract with roma.
Malian troops have summarily executed at least 20 people in the central town of sevare, a rights group says.
A court in france has ordered the liquidation of cross-channel ferry firm seafrance, with the loss of 1,000 jobs.
The mother of a girl accused of being sexually abused by a gang of men has told a court her daughter's character changed from `` a lovely girl to an animal''.
The scottish government has announced a £ 10m fund to help people made redundant by the oil and gas industry.
A woman has been jailed for helping her husband hide more than £ 200,000 in a garden.
A pub in a devon village is to reopen as a free house after a community buyout.
A top international olympic committee ( ioc ) official has apologised for comparing russian doping to the holocaust.
Archaeologists believe they have uncovered evidence of a lost dark age kingdom in galloway.
A celebration to mark the centenary of the birth of one of scotland's best-known artists is being held at skye college.
Police in the us state of north dakota have arrested more than 100 people protesting against a controversial oil pipeline.
Restrictions on the number of non-eu chefs being allowed to work in scottish curry houses have been described as `` total insanity''.
A judge in the us state of ohio has ruled the trial of two ohio state university students accused of raping a girl will go ahead as planned.
A 10,000-seater entertainment arena could be built in bristol as part of the city's regeneration zone.
Tens of thousands of elderly people are being left waiting for care services they need, according to a charity.
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl at a school has been given a suspended sentence.
Lewis hamilton said it was a `` very, very odd weekend'' as he failed to win the hungarian grand prix.
Manchester united have agreed a deal to sign memphis depay from psv eindhoven.
A man armed with a gun robbed a security guard outside a supermarket in birmingham.
The republic of ireland's embassy in the united states raised concerns about the release of the quiet man because of its depiction of irish life.
The bbc has confirmed it will shut down its global edition of the iplayer app on 26 june.
Council tax bills could rise by an average of £ 200 over the next five years, the local government association has warned.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial for a teenager who died while performing parkour in paris.
Worcestershire put themselves in a strong position on day two against glamorgan.
It is `` more important than ever'' to spread the message of togetherness and unity at christmas, the first minister has said.
David sweat, one of two inmates who escaped from a maximum security prison in new york, has been shot by police.
Michael gove has said he accepts that being sacked by theresa may was the `` right thing to do''.
The chief executive of australian airline qantas, alan joyce, has said he will campaign for the country to legalise same-sex marriage.
A nursery worker mistook a four-year-old boy's spelling for the word `` cooker bomb'' and reported him to the authorities.
A portrait by pablo picasso has become the most expensive painting to sell at auction in new york.
More than £ 400,000 has been wiped off the income of some welsh councils dealing with recycling services.
The mother of caylee anthony, who was found dead in a florida swimming pool in 2011, says she has no regrets about her life.
Oscar-winning actor matthew mcconaughey has surprised students at the university of texas by driving them home.
A us marine has been found guilty of killing a transgender woman in the philippines.
The world is the hardest place to be a girl, according to a new report by the charity save the children.
An indian woman who says she was forced into marriage by her husband in pakistan has returned home.
Us president barack obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general to be the next director of the fbi.
A body found in a river was actually a sculpture, police have said.
Isle of wight's historic castle is to undergo a major restoration project.
The mother of a man who died after being dragged under a car has paid tribute to her `` beautiful'' son.
The afghan taliban leader, mullah akhtar mansour, and his bodyguards have been shot dead in pakistan, officials say.
Scotland's local authorities are ready to take in syrian refugees, according to the scottish councils association ( cosla ).
More than a quarter of rail passengers are paying more for their journey than they need to, according to new research.
The european commission is investigating whether the northern ireland executive is breaking eu rules on water charges.
Ineos has said it is a step closer to restarting the kg ethylene cracker in grangemouth.
Britain's andy murray reached the cincinnati open semi-finals with a straight-set win over canadian milos raonic.
A bubble tea chain has promised to pay its trainees at least the minimum wage after it was criticised for offering free training.
A 25-year-old man has been shot dead in sheffield.
A cyclist who died after being involved in a crash with a truck has been named by police.
Macclesfield's national league game against dover has been postponed because of heavy rain.
There will be no reduction in the size of wales' forests, the environment minister has said.
Three men who groomed a teenager into prostitution have been jailed.
British number three aljaz bedene beat pablo carreno busta to reach the french open third round, where he will face world number one novak djokovic.
A hacker has hijacked a large number of high-end printers.
Paralympic gold medallist helen brown says she will not change her bow to qualify for the 2016 rio games.
An islamic high school in birmingham has defended its decision to allow a female governor to sit out of sight of its male governors.
Seabed rights for two wave demonstration zones off the welsh coast have been granted.
A woman has been seriously injured after a lorry crashed into her flat in largs.
Welsh secretary stephen crabb has said wales should be central to the debate on the future of the uk.
The number of illegal immigrants detained or arrested at the uk's busiest port has more than doubled in a year, figures show.
Deaf people are being discriminated against at work because they do not want to admit they are deaf, a charity has said.
The future of bhs's pension scheme could be decided by the pension protection fund ( ppf ).
Venezuelan acting president nicolas maduro has said he will keep the room where he was born as a shrine to late leader hugo chavez.
